So far at...
Will he die?
Should I say it directly or
in the doctor's language?
Directly.
-What's your name?
-Ariel.
-I am sorry.
-What?
-Your dad couldn't do it.
-Shut your mouth!
You are welcome to come closer.
Can you hear it?
Yes.  I hear you daddy
I hear you.
Dr.  Rorish, do you remember me?
Ariel?
Could we talk to each
other for a moment?
Have you still not
found your aunt?
Not yet, either she's dead or
she doesn't want to be found.
Thank you.
Ariel has had a lot of problems
over the past two years.
Twice in juvenile detention, a
residential group, two foster families.
Didn't you know?
I wrote to see how to
do it, but lost contact.
What is happening now?
She comes into the care
system until the next family.
- Forget it.
-When we find another one.
Not many people want
to take in a 14 year old
certainly not with their
previous convictions.
She is still a child.
She needs someone
to take care of.
As I said, the other option
would be a group home.
That will not do.  No.
Well I'll take care of
her for a few more days
then we have to find
a permanent solution.
Where is she?
Where is who
Ariel.  She was just here.
Did you see her
She still lives with you?
-Where have you been?
-At the machine.
Soda?  At 7 in the morning?  Nice.
There are real fruits
in there, there it is.
I can't sit here all day.
Ariel, I asked you to stay
with me at home for a few days
until I sort it out.
A few days in your
house are enough for me.
You don't have to clarify anything.
I know someone in
Oregon I can stay with.
You're not going to Oregon.
You can't forbid me to do anything.
There must be someone
with your aunt's number.
I haven't spoken
to her in a year.
After the juvenile prison, she
put me in a residential group.
She doesn't want
me and vice versa.
Eighty-two dollars.
-What?
-That's how much the bus costs.
Hitchhike or you
will give me $ 82.
You're not taking the bus
to see a guy in Oregon.
Could you just stay
here for the day, please?
-Yes?  Until I...
-until you clear it up?
You're welcome.
Fine
According to headquarters,
this is a 55-year-old
Condition after a
syncope, weak and
diaphoretic, it
collapsed on the spot.
Fresh heart transplant.
Welcome to Angels.
What's your name sir
His name is Bill.
I can answer myself.
Bill Chislett.  Seems to
be the pump.  It was used.
-Weak pulse.
-Are you his son?
The future son-in-law.
The wedding is coming soon.
-We became friends...
-For heaven's sake, Jeremy.
Bill, Bill!
Off to the Center Stage.
It was a great move.
But you didn't do
the landing well.
I landed on someone's
foot.  Is that my mistake?
I can dance, but
nobody is that good.
Ginger Rogers
did everything Fred
Astaire did, backwards
and in high heels.
But did she hit balls too?
The main thing is that
someone here can fix my ankle.
Dr.  Kean what have you got there
-This is Russell.
-Gibson.
Development player
for Waverly University.
You are in the first
round of the draft.
I like that guy.
Not just first round of drafts.
Among the top ten.
Can you make friends later?
Mr. Chislett, please
stay up, okay?
Map ejection fraction
and measure BNP, please.
I start with the echocardiogram.
All good?
He said he was
going to get the flu.
I thought it was an excuse to
cancel, then he
vomited and collapsed.
-Anna...
-What is he saying?  Dad?
-What do you have...
-Anna.
-Anna?
-My fiancee.  I called.
The ejection fraction is
small.  Less than 15%.
-This is not the flu.
-So what?
I am afraid it is your heart.
You have organ failure.
Damn it.
I put the central
venous catheter.
I'll do this Dr.  Rorish.
Let's give him 5
mg per kilogram of
dombutamine and
then call Dr.  Campbell.
Hold on, Bill.
I'm here, do you hear?
Can he hear me
Can you get him out of here?
Jesse, can you take
Jeremy to the waiting room?
Come on, buddy.
He is in the best of hands.
The boy is driving me crazy.
What are you writing to her
That does not concern you.
He has no idea.
I am his Cyrano.
I had to cancel three
times due to work.
I said he should take
her over for coffee with us.
But that's lovely.
But it's not romantic
in the cafeteria.
Romance shouldn't be
your concern right now.
But a fourth attempt.
Good.  Well then.
LOS ANGELES FIRE EMERGENCY
EMERGENCY VEHICLE
Are you sure it's here?
That was the address.
Headquarters said
they were in the back.
Hello.
Ambulance service.
-The cops!
-We ask to rule them
and drive them out, and He shall
put out every
filthy fire in them!
Drive him out, please!
People?
Heavenly Father defend us.
Oh my God.
God is not here.
Leave her alone.
-You don't understand.
-Now.
The devil struck
her with his claws.
We'll save this
child from the devil!
We need the spine board.
What is he saying?
God is good, the devil is bad.
Saint Michael, protect us...
Yolanda!  We are here!
The perils of the devil
and his misdeeds...
-She has fever.
-The pulse is weak.
Can we get him out?
And drive them away.
Let her soul in your heaven...
Push your divine
virtue into Satan and all
the evil spirits that
lurk in this world.
There's no money in there, in
case you've been looking for some.
I wasn't looking for money.
Then why are you sniffing around?
Are you a doctor
and don't have $ 82?
-Ariel, we need to talk.
-About what?
I called the youth welfare office.
-For real?
-Maybe they will find some...
I didn't come for
you to betray me.
No, I am not going
back to the care system.
Maybe they can find
a family member...
I don't need anyone to
take care of me.  I'm okay.
Your dad wouldn't want
you to be alone in Oregon.
Don't talk about my father.
I know how hard
the loss was for you.
And I know how
much you miss him.
No i don't miss him.
I don't even remember.
I do not believe you.
Who cares what you think?
I shouldn't have come here.
Wait.
Ariel.
Ariel?
OK.
It starts.
The balloon pump is in place.
If it's in, can I go?
The balloon re-opens your aorta,
but you are not cured.
Mr. Chislett, you
still have heart failure.
Do you understand?
But I took the medication.
This happens in
10% of all cases.
Your body rejects the new heart.
This will buy you time
until we find a new one.
How long?
The heart should buy me
time until Anna's wedding.
Your mother passed away.
I can't let her get
married without her dad.
I've thought about it,
maybe you could help
me with the chemistry class.
Are there no tutors for this?
I'm less interested in
chemistry... more in...
...Reply.
I am not helping you cheat.
That's the least, Dr.  K.,
you made me wait so long.
We are busy.
Waiting is part of it.
He needs an x-ray.
Sure you don't just
want me around longer?
-Come on, dude!
-Sorry, did that hurt?
He doesn't need an x-ray.
He has pain in his ankle and
cannot put any weight on it.
I am familiar with the Ottawa Directive.
It's a sprain, not a break.
The radiology is overcrowded.
It is done that way in a team.
They want the admission.
Good.  Fine
You can have it.
Dr.  Rorish.  A 20 year old,
altered state of consciousness.
Your blood pressure is falling steadily.
Let's fix it so that it
doesn't hurt itself or others.
Systolic blood
pressure is at 90.
-What happened to her?
-Exorcism.
For real.
Add 1 liter of nutrient
fluid and vasopressors.
They said she had the flu
a few days ago, developed
a fever and then got
aggressive and confused.
Did you call the surgery?
Yes.  Gallstones.
Sono and ultrasound
show pericholecystic fluid.
Is it psychiatric?
She has a fever of 40 degrees.
Definitely an infection.
Dr.  Dixon?
Meningitis or encephalitis.
We need to do a
spinal tap to be sure.
It could be rabies.
Rabies?
I like it when you
push boundaries.
Cases of rabies are very rare.
Your gallbladder is inflamed.
She has to go to the operating room.
Au... what the...
Get haloperidol quickly.
Hurry up!
Continue.
-Hi!
-Kelly.
That doesn't sound good.
I...
I didn't know you were coming.
You wanted me to
come  I answered you.
For real?  I...
I don't have it...
I didn't see it.
You know what?  I just go again.
No, I'll be finished soon.
I have a couple of files to
close.  Are you waiting?  Sorry?
-Yes.
-OK.
I'll be right back
Forgiveness.
I am looking for my girlfriend.
She was brought
here a few hours ago.
Her name is Yolanda.
Are you a relative?
No, she no longer
speaks to her family.
Then I am not allowed to say
anything about her condition.
But she's alive, right?
She lives.  We do what we can.
She would have had to
go to the hospital sooner.
Your friend called and
dragged me into the matter.
Why didn't you finish it?
I do not know.
It all got out of hand.
You saw it.
They said she was obsessed.
She obviously wasn't.
She needed a doctor.
Yolanda, are you conscious?
The haloperidol works.
We may never see
another rabies case.
If that's not a great lesson.
Ow!  Is that really necessary?
Dr.  Dixon?
Inject rabies immunoglobulin
directly into the wound...
Sugar bears, I swear.
Jesse, did she have these
wounds when she arrived?
I did not notice them.
You inject like a
doctor in the first year.
You are a great patient.
Keep still.
Leanne, what color
is the spinal fluid?
Black.
It's not rabies.
What?
Both of you, step away.
Mario, get away from Heather.
Everyone in the Center
Stage who doesn't
have to be here has
to leave immediately.
Go ahead.
What's the matter?
Dr.  Willis?
The emergency room
must be quarantined.
Initiate the Infectious
Disease Protocol.
Please talk to me.
The guards should lock up,
nobody in or out!  Right away!
What's happening?
Hemorrhagic fever.
We need epidemic
protection here.  Right away.
DISEASE PROTECTION
Right this way.
BIO HAZARD
Listen up people
This area is contaminated.
All infected people must
be quarantined in this tent,
they are looked after by the
epidemic protection agency.
This is Dr.  Gretchen Reed,
Epidemiologist, CDC, San Diego.
Dr.  Willis.  CCCRP.
This is a real acronym party.
Thank you for calling us.
How many were exposed?
Two with symptoms.
A confirmed exposure.
My surgeon was bitten.
-Bitten?
-Bitten.
OK.  Depersonalization.
The bleeding
causes blood clots in
the brain, and only
the brain stem works.
The patient's personality
no longer exists.
All that's left is
coughing, spitting... biting.
Where are they?
I'll show you.
Yolanda is already in the tent.
They're taking Alicia with them now.
No!
Where are you
taking me  Help me!
As for your first question,
therefore fixations are necessary.
If she hadn't been scared
beforehand, it would
have been easier.
Trust me, nobody goes
into the hot zone willingly.
Stop it, okay?  Stop.
I'm not going into the tent.
-As I said.
-Hey stop!
Stop!
Dr.  Rorish!
Do something.
-Dr.  Rorish!
-I'm sorry, Heather.
General, Dr.
According to Reed, we
have the entire hospital
under quarantine.
I was in contact with
the Ministry of Defense.
Members of the National Guard
come as a security measure.
Is that important?
If that's like what
I saw in Guinea...
You were there for
the Lassa outbreak?
How many survived?
This can be very different.
How many?
Nobody.
Can you confirm
that it is not airborne?
Yes, it is probably
transmitted through body fluids.
Is It Treatable?
We don't know until
we know the virus.
But we don't have a lot of time.
Patient Zero was
healthy 36 hours ago.
Her friend got the
symptoms eight hours ago.
It's aggressive.
Dr.  Pinkney's time is running out.
Our main task is
support and testing
of everyone who might
have been exposed.
There are over 100 people
in the waiting room alone.
How do you test
an unknown virus?
You look for antibodies.
Real-time polymerase chain
reaction would take too long.
Start with an IgM
antibody blood count.
Those with symptoms
should be in the hot
zone for monitoring.
All right, Colonel Wilson,
please keep me informed.
We have a problem
with containment.
There were others present
where we found the infected.
We have to go back there.
Right away.
Her name is Ariel.
The break room, the cafeteria.
Then take them to my office.
What are you hiding from us?
When will you open
the hospital again?
Doctors, please start
drawing your blood.  Now.
We need the blood tests from
everyone here, from the team first.
There is a phlebotomy
station in the back corridor.
Wear protective suits
at all times.  And smile!
Everyone must stay calm.
So do we.
Or at least we pretend, yes?
That will also work.
Does anyone have Dr.  Seen kean?
Will they let us
out of here soon?
It's been hours now.
You just play it safe.
If I have the virus,
is it treatable?
I know as much as you do.
Not that I mind
personal treatment.
How long have you
had these twitches?
Some days.
That hinders my performance.
Dilated pupils, fever,
sweating, twitching.
Do you take any medicine?
-What?
-You are not sick.
They have a
pharmacological response.
Nothing!
Speed?  Amphetamine?
What?  No!
Russell, tell me the truth.
-I'm taking sertraline.
-How much?
One tablet a day
according to the recipe.
Do you take more?
You are nervous, have
memory and concentration
problems in addition
to the symptoms.
It is a doom-loop.
School, play, stress.
Russell.
Well ok  I just take a few
extra pills for
my concentration.
What's in it?
That your brain goes crazy
with too much serotonin.
But the drug is
supposed to help.
Too much causes symptoms
it is supposed to fight.
You create the vicious circle.
So, quarantine?
We test all of them.
I feel good.
I know.
She doesn't look like
someone getting well.
How long has she been sick?
For 38 hours.
Maybe 48.
And I'm now in the 12th hour?
I do not give up.
Do you hear?
Neither do I.
You have to press on it.  Yes?
Hey, come on, buddy.
Don't push ahead.
Like in school, all the
way back.  Come on.
Okay guys.  Listen up
Kelly, I'm so sorry about this.
You had no idea about
the potential pandemic.
No!  Let me go.
Forgiveness.
Come.  Forgiveness.
I'm getting out of here.
I can't let you go
Sir, back again.
I'm serious.  Back.
Sir please
Ariel, take it easy, okay?
What's happening?
She wants to get out of quarantine.
I know Leanne Rorish.
I am allowed to go.
-That's definitely not true.
-And you're not in charge.
Ariel.  Put this on.
Nobody goes.
No matter who you know.
I should never have come here.
You are here now.
Nothing can change that.
-Were you tested?
-No.
You haven't been tested yet?
Come along.  We let you test.
Here.
-I've been waiting for hours.
-All right.
I've got to get out of here.
Sorry.  Take it easy.
Everything will be fine.
How is bill  I am not
allowed to see him.
He relaxes.
But heart failure is serious...
Jeremy, he's stable.
OK?  Where is Anna?
She's stuck here in
quarantine.  Your battery is dead.
That is the rule.
We have to keep people there.
Can she come in here or not?
-If we can find her...
-Moment.
It could be her.
Hello?  Oh dear.
No, it's stable.
How does she get in here?
I'm at the bar.
Come and find me.
I'm here at the bar.
Ok i love you
What... what's going on here?
Yolanda?  Hey...
Dr.  Pinkney, I can take over.
I can do it. I need more fluids!
She has been passed
out for 20 minutes.
Check the pulse.
No no...
Time of death, 8.46 p.m.
No, Yolanda!
Yolanda...
No, Yolanda.
Its my fault.
I thought I would help her.
You tried  They
brought her here.
OPEN
I don't know why
he's smiling like that.
There were three
during the exorcism.
I'm sure they're all gone.
Or dead.
We should collect
fluid when we find it.
Alright
Question.
Why were you there so quickly?
We had an assignment on the west
coast and were able
to react immediately.
There is liquid here.
Over here.
She is dead.
There's someone else here.
He is dead.
Help me.
Blood pressure is at 74. He
needs vasopressors and fluids.
Dr.  Willis, this
won't save this man.
We have to make it easy for him.
My job is to keep him alive.
Anna, where are you now?
I am in the waiting area.
I do not see you.
Come to the counter.
Doesn't work,
it's blocked there.
-Outside?
-I see you.
-Where?
-Over here.
Dr.  Guthrie!  She is here.
I want a bag.
-Anna.
-Jeremy.  Is he still...
He's still alive.
How do i get in
You have to wear
this for safety reasons.
It's potentially
dangerous in here.
I don't care.
I have to see my dad.
He is in me.  Listen to me
A demon is a general
who is in command
of lower demons.
He is in the final
reinforcement phase.
You should fight for more time.
We have to fight
for more time for
everyone here until
we have vaccine.
I agree with you.
But you're wasting your time.
He is dead.
Begin chest compressions.
We have three dead who
had contact with Yolanda.
Measured by their mortality,
the virus kills in 48 hours.
Alicia is the only
survivor so far.
But she is noticeably worse off.
When was she
exposed to the virus?
About 29 hours ago.
PATIENT NAME ALICIA DAVIS
TIME SINCE EXPOSURE 29:00:00
This is the top priority.
PATIENT ZERO
Do you think it's
from someone else?
Nothing in Yolanda's history
indicates how she
was exposed to this.
So is another vector out there?
You know you...
You forget a name.
I will not forget him.
Heather became
infected shortly after 8 a.m.
It's 1:21 pm.  That's 17 hours.
PATIENT NAME HEATHER PINKNEY
TIME SINCE EXPOSURE 17:00:00
What can we do?
We're already doing everything.
We offer supply,
liquid, electrolytes,
controlling blood pressure.
We want access to all
dialysis machines you have.
That's it, okay?
Heather dies and we
look at the damn watch.
We don't just look at them.
We do what we can.
What's this?
Your employees'
blood test results.
You three are healthy.
But some of your
employees are infected.
That's incredible.
Look, we haven't given up hope.
And neither should you.
Can someone call my mom?
I have a cell phone.
We'll call you together.
What shall we do now?
Our job.
Our job?
We help the patient and
each other as best we can.
Yes we can do this.
Yes.
Bill Chislett's medical record?
Hey hey...
It will be alright.
No.
None of this is good.
Listen to me.
He knows how you feel about him.
I promise you.
I promise it.
Bill, good news.
Someone here wants
to say hello to you.
-Hey, Anna!
-Daddy!
Anna, honey.
Are you all right?
There was a little
problem with my new heart.
But I'll get well again.
He is already on the
nationwide recipient list.
All good things are two.
I'm getting a new heart and I'm
coming to the
wedding as planned.
I have to confess something.
Jeremy and I don't play squash.
We took dance lessons.
Wait what?
-Dance lessons?  You?
-Leave me.
It's not easy for me either.
Jeremy organized that.
Jeremy?  My Jeremy
organized dance lessons?
Jeremy knew how
important it is to me
dancing with my little
one at their wedding.
He's not that bad after all.
I told you that.
Where's jeremy?
Come along.
You don't have an infection.
They let you leave the hospital.
I'm sorry about your friends.
We can do it.
Yes I know.
Hey... are you alright?
We brought an
infected person here.
And I've been so
close to her and my
friends are in
quarantine and I'm here.
I am fine.
I would trade with
them right away.
You drive yourself
crazy thinking that way.
They need you with a clear head.
-What?
-When all of this is over
let's drink the damn coffee.
Dr.  Leighton!
-Go!
-I can help.
Kelly, go. Don't
risk exposure to this.
Please go.
Well, all hands on one side.
Go to the side.
She has a high fever.
The temperature is at 40.5.
She is on her way to hell.
Hey, sugar bears.
I know you hate the nickname.
I'm starting to like him.
And you too.
Stop flirting with me.
Heather?  Help!  Over here!
I need help here!
Heather.
Heather, look at me.
She barely has a pulse.
It's only been 24 hours.
-Blood pressure is at 70 to 32.
-Three-lumen catheter.
-You have to fight, Heather.
-Get it to me at once.
-Suction.
-We have to fix them.
You have to fight now.
She wakes up.  Stop
intubation.  Heather?
Heather, can you talk to us?
Heather?  Can you talk to us
Heather?
Put another entrance.
Heather, stay awake.
Let's intubate them.
Does the blood pressure level up?
Yes.
Well, I'm in.
It was only 24 hours.
The bite brought the virus
directly into her bloodstream.
The saturation increases.
Your blood pressure too.
Stay away from the patient.
Who are you?
Dr.  Willis, this is the CDC's
vice director, Dr.
Gareth Reddick.
I don't care who he is.
Dr.  Pinkney is our
colleague and our friend.
And she is doing
very badly right now.
Do we already know
what we are dealing with?
Yes, that's why I'm taking over.
All patients are tested who
can walk without any findings.
Nobody goes.
The Angels Memorial
is under lock and key.
The National Guard is
responsible for securing the building.
What about the infected?
The CDC takes care of the
treatment and Dr.  Pinkneys included.
-We do not leave you alone.
-But.
You have a hospital
full of patients.
Yes?  This is your business.
The virus is mine.
No.
Want...
Will, she's stable.
Can you take over ventilation?
Forgiveness.
I do that.
Ariel?
Leanne!
They say I'm sick
-Go back.
-You're welcome...
- Stay away.
-I do not want to go away!
It'll be all right, dear.
Stay away!
-I won't leave her alone.
-Leanne.
-I won't leave her alone!
Leanne.
Let's go.
What's happening?
Can I ask to dance?
I love you.
Rule one, don't harm anyone.
Respect the doctors in
whose footsteps I am following
and like to share the
knowledge with those who follow.
Remember that I don't
deal with nudes or illnesses
but a sick person.
And if I'm supposed to
take care of her properly
I also look after the family.
Remember, medicine is art
and science at the same time.
And warmth, compassion,
and understanding can
be more important
than the surgeon's knife
or the pharmacist's medicine.
I have to go in there.  She dies.
-I have to go in there!
-Want!
She will die no
matter what we do.
But she shouldn't die alone.
She is not alone.
Treat carefully when it
comes to life and death.
This wonderful
responsibility must be shared
To be met humility and the
knowledge of my weakness.
That I may show
the best of my calling.
And so that I may
long experience
the joy of healing
those who ask for help.